# Flitrr

Some background information for how Flitrr can help reduce customer Churn and loss for our customers

Flitrr

Flitrr reads your customer feedback information to identify topics subtopics, and summarized statements for what your customers are most frequently talking about over your CX lines. Our mission is to help businesses identify macro trends and issues that matter most to customers, so your team can address customer needs at its source. Flitrr looks at all your customer service data to pull What matters most volumetrically Across geospatial and time card filters For customers. Unlike a CRM that is Tasked at helping customers overcome micro issues through customer service representative resolution, or very handy Customer sentiment software, that Analyzes macro customer sentiment, Flitrr is Pioneering a new solution for businesses to directly reduce customer loss And turn through our customer issue analytics software. Never before have businesses been able to so easily and accurately streamline and review huge correlational data metrics around what customers are discussing over thousands of Two-way communications using Flitrr that captures through email, messaging, voice audio and video Customer conversations. What matters most to us is to help you address what matters most to your customers. And we’re making that possible through advanced natural language text processing, and machine learning to Provide real time and historical customer issue analytics. Flitrr goes one step beyond an analytic software though, We’re integrating With your most important apps including salesforce, Slack, Jira, Air table, monday.com, and other popular Productivity tools, so when issue analytic topics arrive in your service backlog, we can send those issues to be resolved through custom workflow to teams that can take action.
